{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman{\*\falt Book Antiqua};}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}{\f3\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05050102010706020507}Symbol;}{\f28\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
{\f37\fmodern\fcharset255\fprq1{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Terminal;}{\f39\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE{\*\falt Book Antiqua};}{\f40\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr{\*\falt Book Antiqua};}
{\f42\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek{\*\falt Book Antiqua};}{\f43\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur{\*\falt Book Antiqua};}{\f44\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew){\*\falt Book Antiqua};}
{\f45\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic){\*\falt Book Antiqua};}{\f46\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic{\*\falt Book Antiqua};}{\f47\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f48\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f50\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f51\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f52\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f53\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\f54\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}
{\f55\fmodern\fcharset238\fprq1 Courier New CE;}{\f56\fmodern\fcharset204\fprq1 Courier New Cyr;}{\f58\fmodern\fcharset161\fprq1 Courier New Greek;}{\f59\fmodern\fcharset162\fprq1 Courier New Tur;}{\f60\fmodern\fcharset177\fprq1 Courier New (Hebrew);}
{\f61\fmodern\fcharset178\fprq1 Courier New (Arabic);}{\f62\fmodern\fcharset186\fprq1 Courier New Baltic;}{\f263\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Tahoma CE;}{\f264\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Tahoma Cyr;}{\f266\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Tahoma Greek;}
{\f267\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Tahoma Tur;}{\f268\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Tahoma (Hebrew);}{\f269\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Tahoma (Arabic);}{\f270\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Tahoma Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\sb120\sa120\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{
\s1\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\nowidctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs28\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning28\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 1;}{\s2\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\nowidctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\b\i\f1\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 2;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\ql \li0\ri0\sb120\sa120\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext15 footnote text;}{\*\cs16 \additive \b\f1 \sbasedon10 Label;}{\*\cs17 \additive \super \sbasedon10 footnote reference;}{
\s18\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext18 \sautoupd List Bullet;}{\s19\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\f2\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext19 \sautoupd SampleText;}{\s20\ql \fi-360\li720\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext20 
List 2;}{\s21\ql \li0\ri0\sb120\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext21 \sautoupd ItemHeading;}{\s22\ql \fi-360\li360\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin360\itap0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext22 List;}{\s23\ql \fi-360\li720\ri0\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls5\pnrnot0\pndec }\faauto\ls5\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext23 \sautoupd List Bullet 2;}{\s24\ql \fi-360\li360\ri0\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls8\pnrnot0\pndec }\faauto\ls8\adjustright\rin0\lin360\itap0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext24 List Number;}{\s25\ql \li0\ri0\sb120\sa120\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \cbpat9 \f28\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext25 
Document Map;}}{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid-1274610366\listsimple{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\u-3913 ?;}{\levelnumbers;}\f3\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 
\chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1\fbias0 \fi-360\li720\jclisttab\tx720 }{\listname ;}\listid-125}{\list\listtemplateid1420301312\listsimple{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext
\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1 \fi-360\li360\jclisttab\tx360 }{\listname ;}\listid-120}{\list\listtemplateid419604382\listsimple{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0
\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\u-3913 ?;}{\levelnumbers;}\f3\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1\fbias0 \fi-360\li360\jclisttab\tx360 }{\listname ;}\listid-119}}{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid-119
\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid-125\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid-120\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid-119\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid-125\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid-120
\listoverridecount0\ls6}{\listoverride\listid-119\listoverridecount0\ls7}{\listoverride\listid-125\listoverridecount0\ls8}{\listoverride\listid-120\listoverridecount0\ls9}{\listoverride\listid-119\listoverridecount0\ls10}{\listoverride\listid-125
\listoverridecount0\ls11}{\listoverride\listid-120\listoverridecount0\ls12}{\listoverride\listid-119\listoverridecount0\ls13}{\listoverride\listid-125\listoverridecount0\ls14}{\listoverride\listid-120\listoverridecount0\ls15}{\listoverride\listid-119
\listoverridecount0\ls16}{\listoverride\listid-125\listoverridecount0\ls17}{\listoverride\listid-120\listoverridecount0\ls18}{\listoverride\listid-119\listoverridecount0\ls19}{\listoverride\listid-125\listoverridecount0\ls20}{\listoverride\listid-120
\listoverridecount0\ls21}{\listoverride\listid-119\listoverridecount0\ls22}{\listoverride\listid-125\listoverridecount0\ls23}{\listoverride\listid-120\listoverridecount0\ls24}{\listoverride\listid-119\listoverridecount0\ls25}{\listoverride\listid-119
\listoverridecount0\ls26}{\listoverride\listid-119\listoverridecount0\ls27}{\listoverride\listid-125\listoverridecount0\ls28}{\listoverride\listid-125\listoverridecount0\ls29}{\listoverride\listid-120\listoverridecount0\ls30}{\listoverride\listid-120
\listoverridecount0\ls31}{\listoverride\listid-120\listoverridecount0\ls32}}{\*\revtbl {Unknown;}{Andy Black;}}{\info{\author David F. Matti}{\operator Andy Black}{\creatim\yr1999\mo3\dy12\hr15\min32}{\revtim\yr2000\mo3\dy30\hr14\min46}{\version35}{\edmins174}{\nofpages4}
{\nofwords1164}{\nofchars6639}{\*\company SIL}{\nofcharsws8153}{\vern8247}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\revisions\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\formshade\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0
\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\nolnhtadjtbl \fet0\sectd \linex0\endnhere\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain 
\s1\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\nowidctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs28\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning28\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs17\super #{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s15\ql \li0\ri0\sb120\sa120\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs17\super #}{ import_exist}}K{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s15\ql \li0\ri0\sb120\sa120\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs17\super K}{ import}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\sb120\sa120\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs17\super K}{ files: importing}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\sb120\sa120\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {
\cs17\super K}{ new project}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\sb120\sa120\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs17\super K}{ project: new}}${\footnote \pard\plain 
\s15\ql \li0\ri0\sb120\sa120\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs17\super $}{ Importing existing CARLA files}}}{\cs17 Importing existing CARLA files}{
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\sb120\sa120\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {
\par When CarlaStudio is started for the first time, or when the }{\cs16\b\f1 New Project \'85}{ command is selected, the following dialog box will appear:
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sb120\sa120\widctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\{bml Screen NewProj.bmp\}
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sb120\sa120\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {This dialog box is the starting point for importing existing CARLA files into CarlaStudio. If you have been using CarlaMenu select }{\cs16\b\f1 
Import an existing CARLAMenu setup}{ otherwise select }{\cs16\b\f1 Create a blank project}{. After making your selection click on the }{\cs16\b\f1 OK}{ button. A series of dialog boxes will then guide you through the importation process.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\nowidctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel1\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\i\f1\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs17\fs20\super K{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s15\ql \li0\ri0\sb120\sa120\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs17\super K}{ CarlaMenu: importing}}}{\fs20 Importing from CarlaMenu
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\sb120\sa120\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {
If you are importing a CarlaMenu setup you will need to supply the location of the CARLA.set file. Either type the complete path for the file or use the }{\cs16\b\f1 Browse \'85}{ button to locate the file. After the CARLA sett
ings file is located click on }{\cs16\b\f1 Next}{ to proceed to the next dialog box.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sb120\sa120\widctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\{bml Screen NewProj2.bmp\}
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sb120\sa120\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {In the next dialog box the language abbreviation will be read from the CARLA settings file but you will need to fill in the language name. You can also choose t
he font to be used for your language as well as whether or not you want morphnames and comments to use the language font. This dialog box will be repeated for each language that was in your CARLA.set file.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sb120\sa120\widctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\{bml Screen NewProj3.bmp\}
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sb120\sa120\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {The last dialog box will ask you to specify the location and name of the new project. Once again you can type in the full path or use the }{\cs16\b\f1 Browse \'85}{
 button. After supplying the name and location click on }{\cs16\b\f1 Finish}{ and CarlaStudio will begin importing your CarlaMenu setup.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sb120\sa120\widctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\{bml Screen NewProj4.bmp\}
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sb120\sa120\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {When the importation process is complete CarlaStudio will open a }{\uldb Language Model Window.}{\v\cf11 HIDR_CStudioLangTYPE}{
 for each of the languages that were in your CARLA.set file. There is also a log file window that is open. Please examine it for any im
port error messages. Any errors found in this log file should be corrected before attempting to use CarlaStudio. If you need help with this please contact a Carla consultant or send a message to CarlaStudio_Support@sil.org. Once any errors are corrected, 
CarlaStudio is ready to use. You should begin by exploring each of tabs of the }{\cs16\b\f1 Language Model Window}{ to familiarize yourself with the program.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\nowidctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel1\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\i\f1\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs17\fs20\super K{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s15\ql \li0\ri0\sb120\sa120\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\cs17\super K}{ control files: importing}}}{\fs20 Importing from a list of control files
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\sb120\sa120\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {Importing Carla files from a list of control files is similar to importing
 them from a CarlaMenu setup. There are just a few extra steps. When CarlaStudio is started for the first time, or when the }{\cs16\b\f1 New Project \'85}{ command is selected, the following dialog box will appear:
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sb120\sa120\widctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\{bml Screen NewProja.bmp\}
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sb120\sa120\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {If you are importing Carla files from a list of control files select the appropriate response, as above, and then click }{\cs16\b\f1 OK}{
. A message will appear suggesting you create a new folder in which to store your project and its files. Click }{\cs16\b\f1 OK}{ and then complete the dialog box that follows, which looks like this:
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sb120\sa120\widctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\{bml Screen NewProjb.bmp\}
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sb120\sa120\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {You can navigate around your computer\rquote 
s folders until you are in the place you want. You can also create a new folder by clicking on the new folder icon and then filling in its name. Remember to give a name to you
r project file and then click the save button. After that the new language dialog box will appear. In this box choose }{\cs16\b\f1 Create a language from existing control files}{ and then click }{\cs16\b\f1 OK}{.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sb120\sa120\widctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\{bml Screen NewProjc.bmp\}
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sb120\sa120\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {In the next dialog box you provide information about the location of your control files by using the }{\cs16\b\f1 Browse\'85}{
 button for each file. Notice that some control files are required and others are not. If you fill in the location for the Ample CMD file several of the other boxes will be filled in automaticall
y since the CMD file contains the needed information. Below is an example:
\par \{bml Screen NewProjd.bmp\}
\par When you are finished providing the location of your control files click }{\cs16\b\f1 Next}{ and the following will appear:
\par \{bml Screen NewProje.bmp\}
\par If you are using sou
rce forms for morphnames and are also using CARLA for glossing text in another language and have a separate file for SENTRANS transfer rules when you are glossing text,  then you need to provide the location of this file. Also note that CarlaStudio curren
tly doesn\rquote t provide an automated way of importing  SENTRANS and STAMP transfer rules. If you are planning on doing transfer follow the above instructions. When you are finished click }{\cs16\b\f1 Next}{.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sb120\sa120\widctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\{bml Screen NewProjf.bmp\}
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sb120\sa120\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {If you have specified STAMP synthesis chan
ges and/or STAMP textout changes you can supply the locations for these files in the the above dialog box. The names for these two files are XXXsynt.chg and XXXouttx.ctl where XXX is the three letter abbreviation for the source or target language. Click n
ext when you are ready to move on.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sb120\sa120\widctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\{bml Screen NewProjg.bmp\}
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sb120\sa120\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {
The above dialog is for providing the name and location of your root dictionaries. If you specified your Ample CMD file in a previous dialog these will be be read from that file. (}{\b Note}{: The wizard
 might provide the Phonrule modified dictionaries, as above. In most cases you will want to change this to the pre-Phonrule dictionaries). If you didn\rquote 
t specify your AMPLE CMD file before, please specify the name(s) of your root dictionaries. Likewise for your affix dictionaries in the following dialog:
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sb120\sa120\widctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\{bml Screen NewProjh.bmp\}
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sb120\sa120\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {
After clicking on Next in the above dialog, the following information about redundant fields in provided. You may want to refer to this help page again after completing this wizard 
to refresh your memory regarding this information. When you are ready click }{\cs16\b\f1 Next}{.
\par \{bml Screen NewProji.bmp\}
\par When the dialog box below appears just click on }{\cs16\b\f1 Finish}{ and CarlaStudio will begin importing your control files.
\par \{bml Screen NewProjj.bmp\}
\par When the importation process is complete CarlaStudio will open a }{\uldb Language Model Window.}{\v\cf11 HIDR_CStudioLangTYPE}{
 for the language that you specified. There is also a log file window that is open. Please examine it for any import error messages. Any errors found in this l
og file should be corrected before attempting to use CarlaStudio. If you need help with this please contact a Carla consultant or send an email message to CarlaStudio_Support@sil.org. Once any errors are corrected, CarlaStudio is ready to use. You should 
begin by exploring each of tabs of the }{\cs16\b\f1 Language Model Window}{ to familiarize yourself with the program.
\par If you would like to import the control files for another language launch the }{\cs16\b\f1 New Language \'85}{ wizard from the }{\cs16\b\f1 File}{ menu and work your way through the dialo
g boxes. The dialog boxes in this wizard are identical to those in the above importation process.
\par Also remember that CarlaStudio currently doesn\rquote t handle the importation of  STAMP and SENTRANS control files. If you want to do transfer you will have to copy those control files to the appropriate control file directory yourself.}{
\revised\revauth1\revdttm-2042367065 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sb120\sa120\widctlpar\faauto\ql \li0\ri0\sb120\sa120\widctlpar\faauto\pnrauth1\pnrdate-2042367065\pnrnot1\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\revised\revauth1\revdttm-2042367065\crauth1\crdate-2042367062 Important Not}{
\b\revised\revauth1\revdttm-2042367062 e for }{\b\revised\revauth1\revdttm-2042367058 V}{\b\revised\revauth1\revdttm-2042367062 enerable AMPLE }{\b\revised\revauth1\revdttm-2042367058 U}{\b\revised\revauth1\revdttm-2042367062 sers}{
\revised\revauth1\revdttm-2042367065 : if you have an older AMPLE an}{\revised\revauth1\revdttm-2042367064 a}{\revised\revauth1\revdttm-2042367065 lysis data control file}{\revised\revauth1\revdttm-2042367064  that }{\revised\revauth1\revdttm-2042367063 
has}{\revised\revauth1\revdttm-2042367064  }{\revised\revauth1\revdttm-2042367063 a }{\revised\revauth1\revdttm-2042367064 format marker}{\revised\revauth1\revdttm-2042367063  template before the \\begin field code, you will find
 that nothing from this file will be imported.  You will need to }{\revised\revauth1\revdttm-2042367062 remove these template markers}{\revised\revauth1\revdttm-2042367061 .  For example, if you have something like this:
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\ql \li720\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\pnrauth1\pnrdate-2042367060\pnrnot1\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f37\fs18\revised\revauth1\revdttm-2042367060 \\id WKAD01.CTL - analysis data control file, adapted from SRMc, 3-Jun-88 by R.

\par \\co Floyd 11 feb 91.
\par \\ap\tab | Allomorph Property
\par \\ca\tab | Category
\par \\ccl\tab | Category Class
\par \\ft\tab | Final Test
\par \\maxi\tab | Maximum Number of Infixes
\par \\maxp\tab | Maximum Number of Prefixes
\par \\maxr\tab | Maximum Number of (Compound) Roots
\par \\maxs\tab | Maximum Number of Suffixes
\par \\mcc\tab | Morpheme Co-occurrence Constraint
\par \\mcl\tab | Morpheme Class
\par \\mp\tab | Morpheme Property
\par \\sah\tab | Suffix Adhoc Pair
\par \\scl\tab | String Class
\par \\st\tab | Suffix Successor Test
\par \\begin
\par 
\par \\co\tab \tab \tab DEFINE STRING CLASSES
\par 
\par \\scl\tab V\tab a  e  i  o  u\tab \tab \tab | Vowels
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sb120\sa120\widctlpar\faauto\ql \li0\ri0\sb120\sa120\widctlpar\faauto\pnrauth1\pnrdate-2042367061\pnrnot1\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\revised\revauth1\revdttm-2042367060 you will need to delete the }{
\revised\revauth1\revdttm-2042367059 following }{\revised\revauth1\revdttm-2042367060 markers before importing:
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\pnrauth1\pnrdate-2042367059\pnrnot1\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f37\fs18\revised\revauth1\revdttm-2042367059 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\ql \li720\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\pnrauth1\pnrdate-2042367059\pnrnot1\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f37\fs18\revised\revauth1\revdttm-2042367059 \\ap\tab | Allomorph Property
\par \\ca\tab | Category
\par \\ccl\tab | Category Class
\par \\ft\tab | Final Test
\par \\maxi\tab | Maximum Number of Infixes
\par \\maxp\tab | Maximum Number of Prefixes
\par \\maxr\tab | Maximum Number of (Compound) Roots
\par \\maxs\tab | Maximum Number of Suffixes
\par \\mcc\tab | Morpheme Co-occurrence Constraint
\par \\mcl\tab | Morpheme Class
\par \\mp\tab | Morpheme Property
\par \\sah\tab | Suffix Adhoc Pair
\par \\scl\tab | String Class
\par \\st\tab | Suffix Successor Test
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sb120\sa120\widctlpar\faauto\ql \li0\ri0\sb120\sa120\widctlpar\faauto\pnrauth1\pnrdate-2042367059\pnrnot1\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {
\par }}